Well, I see Nathan still hasn't
made his mind up about the decor.
Mr. Brooks has a curator
change out the art every month.
He says it fosters
neural plasticity.
I feel more plastic already.
So I compiled the login
information you asked for...
Miss Wu's calendars,
Dropbox, etc.
Great. Let me know
if there's anything else.
I wanna pick up exactly
where Anne left off.
And here's your office.
We'll have that swapped out
this afternoon.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
You have a key to that?
No, but I'll get Office Services
to unlock it ASAP.
Trick-or-treat.
Ha-ha. Come on in, old man.
That's a lot of luggage
for one night.
It's a carry-on.
Carry on to what,
the fucking Titanic?
Well, it's everything
I got until,
you know, Crystal takes me back.
Yeah, but you're only gonna
be here for one night,
because that's what
we agreed on.
That's what you said, right?
No, no, no, no, not "".
This can't be a long-term thing.
Get a hotel.
You're one of the richest
motherfuckers I know. Buy a hotel.
It's not gonna be
a long-term thing, okay?
I gotta work some shit out.
Okay, look, I'm running late.
Don't try to sweet talk me,
all right?
Here are the rules.
Everything on the third
shelf of the fridge,
that's my healthy
blood-pressure food.
Don't touch it.
Phone rings, don't answer it.
And no visitors.
Those are the rules, P.
So I got a doctor coming over.
Gonna need someplace private.
What's wrong with his office?
He's coming from San Francisco.
I'd do it at the house, but...
You can't wait a few days
before you get a checkup?
Well...
He's a neurologist.
I'm seeing things again, Bobo.
Fuck you, man.
You're gonna spring that
on me now.
This guy's gonna get
to the bottom of it.
Point is, nobody can know
about this.
You mean, don't tell Crystal.
She finds out,
I never get her back.
We don't have to worry
about that,
because she'll be too busy
starting her new job.
What new job?
You can't be here.
I told Nathan you wouldn't be...
Fuck Nathan.
You took her job?
You're in her office.
He loved her.
What?
These are love letters
to Anne Wu.
"I didn't know what I was
missing until I met you.
"I didn't know there were
more pieces of me
"until I felt how
perfectly we fit.
Love, Doc Woo."
Signed W-O-O.
You get it?
That was her pet name
for our son.
Crys, I know what you're doing.
It wasn't a fling.
He loved her.
And I thought he loved Jocelyn.
He did.
Right.
He loved both of them.
How does someone do that?
- They don't.
- You do.
I thought I did.
Get this through your head.
I haven't seen Tessie in months,
and I have no plan to.
I love you...
and only you,
and I don't wanna see you
torturing yourself.
I don't give a shit
about your girlfriend.
I want answers.
PJ is dead. That's what we get.
- You gotta stop this.
- Did you stop?
When people asked you to stop,
did you stop?
No.
And it cost me everything.
She stole from PJ.
She had his wife raped,
off of that fucking software,
Bathwater.
What if I can find it?
Well, it's not gonna change
what happened.
We can move on from this,
but we gotta do it together.
Pernell, you need to get it
into your fucking head
that we will never do anything
together ever again.
Get the fuck out.
You been here a while?
Two days.
We just got here last night.
People never seem to get sick
during regular business hours?
- Who's sick?
- My mom.
She has a...
um...
perforated abdominal viscous,
apparently.
You?
My, um...
My congregant.
You're a minister?
- She got shot.
- My God.
She's pregnant.
Is she okay?
Mr. Curtis?
- What's wrong?
- Zach...
They said I lost too much blood.
They couldn't save him.
They couldn't save the baby.
I appreciate you
taking me on, Doc.
Could use some good news
right about now.
Yeah, let's not get ahead
of ourselves.
I haven't decided
to be your doctor yet.
You came all this way
just to say maybe?
No. I also visited with...
What's his name, Dr. Williams?
He said that
you're seeing things.
But your MRI shows
no brain swelling,
no growths, no thyroid issues.
Have you ever wanted
to cut yourself open
to remove the insects that were
crawling around under your skin?
- No.
- Okay.
So then it's not Ekbom Syndrome.
There's the writing thing.
The only time you can't
control what you write
is when you use
that special pen.
When did this start?
About a week ago.
Anything happen recently that
might have triggered all this?
You're aware I can read, right?
I already know that
you're on trial for murder.
I know about your son, too.
So if you're not gonna be
upfront with me,
then I'm going to get bored,
and then I'm going to leave.
The thing all started
with my son.
That's when the
hallucinations kicked in.
But they went away
after he died.
And then I found his pen.
And then they started again.
But thisis not psychological,
Doc. This is something else.
Okay.
Let me look at the pen.
Write your name.
"Sweet panic." What is that?
I've never seen
those words before.
Okay. Do me a favor.
Look up.
Hold straight.
Okay, good.
Good job.
Okay. Why don't you try again?
What the...
I tried this a thousand times.
It never happened before.
- That's a dirty fucking trick.
- I call it an experiment.
What this experiment shows me
is that you're not faking it.
There is something going on
inside your head.
Can you fix it?
- Maybe.
- Wait a second.
Where are you going, Doc?
I just proved here there's
something wrong with me.
I need to get supplies.
Well, how long's
that gonna take?
Well, it's about
a two-hour drive.
I'm kind of hungry,
so I'm gonna have dinner.
And then I'm gonna sleep
for seven to eight hours.
Doc, this can't wait
till tomorrow.
- Are you suicidal?
- No.
Then it can wait.
Hey, Dude! How many times?
You can't sit here.
I'm with Duck Dynasty.
Excuse me. Thank you.
Here you go.
I'm gonna pray
to St. Anthony now.
Dear St. Anthony,
please come around.
There's something that's lost
and cannot be found.
I gotta do it twice.
Dear St. Anthony,
please come around.
Something is lost
and cannot be found.
My capsule.
He does that every day,
same time.
- How's that?
- The balcony man.
Comes out every day
same time with his phone.
Anyway.
Now, we wait for St. Anthony.
To do what?
To find my capsule.
Let's make this quick.
I can do it.
Do what?
I now where he is.
I know his routine.
I can make him quiet.
I thought I said I didn't want
anybody else getting hurt.
You also said, if he tells...
Towels are done.
You said if he tells
the jury whathe saw,
you go away for good.
Yeah, well, maybe I should.
Even though I didn't kill
Shane Caldwell,
it doesn't mean I'm not guilty.
No, Shane is the guilty one.
Mike Alcala isn't.
No, but he's being used by
the devil to bring you down.
Is that what they call
telling the truth these days?
Let it go.
Trial is still a few weeks out.
We'll find another way.
- This is the other way.
- What if you're wrong?
Just for one second, entertain
the idea that I'm not anointed.
I did that already. I've
never stopped regretting it.
Fine. If I'm your Solomon,
listen to me.
Do not fucking hurt that man.
- Ariella?
- Yes, Mrs. Harris.
I have a email here. I don't
know the password for it.
I thought maybe you might.
Well, that's
Ms. Wu's personal email.
You're telling me you worked for her for
over a year, you don't know her password?
Should I know your passwords?
Thank you.
Hey, wanna take a break?
I wish I could, but I have
to go do a favor for a friend.
But I'll be back
like three or so.
We're right on schedule.
- You ever have Melvin's?
- No.
Best barbecue in the Bay Area.
- You can have it for later.
- Okay.
Thank you. It smells real nice.
Don't thank me yet.
It's kind of a bribe.
Okay.
This first piece is
a bit of a secret.
I'm having a baby.
Yeah.
You don't look like it.
It's in there. Trust me.
What do you need?
I wanna raise it right...
in a house.
This house.
It has a huge backyard,
a big patio.
It's the kind of place
I've been dreaming about
since I was little.
It's real nice, Miss.
Well, the only problem
are the owners.
They want it to go to a family.
You're gonna be a family.
Well, the Realtors
made it very clear,
the only kind of family
these people understand
is the mommy and daddy kind.
I'm hoping
you could help me out.
I don't know.
I don't think that's
a very good idea.
I told you it was crazy.
No one's gonna believe
you and me are married.
Why not?
Look at me. I'm not fancy.
Stop it. I'm sure
you clean up very well.
We don't talk the same.
I don't know much about you.
At this point, you know more about
me than any other man in my life.
There's so many houses.
What if you just kept looking?
Why should I have to?
I have the money.
I have a family.
Why not me?
No, I'm sorry. That's not...
You know what? It's fine.
I'm not mad, not at you.
I'm just tired of taking no
for an answer.
Don't let those ribs get cold.
You'd do all the talking?
- Hey. You're up.
- Yeah.
I hit seven vending machines,
none of them had
Sour Patch Kids.
But these are Sour Zachs.
Bootleg, but I'll take them.
Thank you.
How long do you think
until they let me go home?
I don't think
we should rush anything.
Why not?
- Because you got shot.
- Grazed.
- It's not that serious.
- Serious enough to make you...
I don't wanna talk about that.
You don't have to put on
a brave face for me.
You don't have to pretend
you're upset about this.
I wanted this baby.
- I wanted to raise...
- I don't want to talk about that, Paul.
I want to talk about this gift.
Because that's what this is.
This is a chance to go back
to the way that things we're,
before the baby,
before Flock Block,
before Pernell Harris.
How are we feeling, Alicia?
Much better. How are you?
Good. And who's this?
This is Reverend Paul.
He just came to check in on me.
Thank you.
Again, Reverend,
please tell everyone
how much I appreciate
their prayers.
Of course, Sister Alicia.
Okay, take a deep breath.
Okay, so this is just
a sedative.
All right?
Nothing to be scared about.
So what's supposed to happen?
Well, the conscious part of your
brain wants to write your name.
But I think there's
another part of your brain
that wants to write
something else.
And that part is controlling
your hand.
So what I'm hoping is
that this will help us find out
what it's trying to say.
All right?
So just relax.
Deep breath in.
Long breath out.
And now for our host,
Dave Rumio!
Hey, hey, hey, everyone,
thank you for joining us
for another episode of...
Follow Your Path!
Yes!
And how about a big round
of applause for our contestant
for the rest of eternity...
the Honorable
Judge Pernell Harris!
Doc, wake me up.
Doc Olonari,
wake me the fuck up.
You're not real.
You're not fucking real.
I sure felt real in that jail
cell last week.
Boom! Boom!
Who's ready to get started?
Spin for sin! Spin for sin!
Okay, the first lucky
contestant is going to be...
Round and round it goes.
Round and round.
- It's time for me! Come on, Bobo!
- Yes!
This is the greatest day
of my life.
Now, Keith, this is
the golden rope to riches.
Pernell, God has been
trying his darndest
to show you the path.
But for some reason,
you just won't listen.
So we have gathered all
of your friends and family,
or what's left of them...
to show you that,
if you choose the wrong path,
you will be walking it alone.
No!
Spin for sin! Spin for sin!
Spin for sin!
Which wife are you
gonna choose, Pernell?
I won't choose.
I'll make it easy on you.
Alphabetical order.
Ladies and gentlemen,
the lovely Crystal Harris!
Stop!
Okay, Pernell,
are you ready to...
Follow your path!
There is no path!
There is no God!
How could you be so sure?
Because I did everything
He asked!
And PJ still died.
It's only one way
to be sure if God exists.
Follow me, Dad.
Can you hear me?
Pernell, are you okay?
Are you?
I thought you said
that was just a sedative.
- It was.
- Bullshit.
That was...
It's never been that bad before.
Pernell, do you recognize this?
This is what you wrote.
Do you recognize this?
These are the phrases that
you've been writing, aren't hey?
Pernell, what is this?
It's PJ's suicide note.
Hey, wake up.
- Yeah.
- Wake up.
- What?
- I got news.
Hi.
Duck Dynasty.
Where'd you go?
I saw St. Anthony.
What? Shit.
He talked to me. He told me.
He told me where
your capsule is.
What did the coach say?
Hold on a second.
Where is it?
- Just tell me where it is.
- What?
Don't lie to me.
I want my capsule back!
There's some old dude making
some crazy noise.
I'm not leaving till I get it!
Do you hear me?
Man,
he's gonna get himself shot.
I know it's in there!
Get your hands off me!
Hey! Help!
Help! Hey! Help!
Let him go now!
Where the fuck is he?
He's gotta be under.
Where's my capsule?
I wanna know where
my capsule is!
Get out of the way.
Okay, Miss Wu,
now, I just need you to answer
the security questions
you chose.
The first one
is high school mascot.
Um, Yellow Jackets.
And spouse's nickname?
Are you sure?
That must be some mistake.
Maybe something's changed,
but this is the question you chose
when you set up the account last year.
Pernell Harris, Junior?
No. I said spouse's nickname.
Sorry, that's not it, either.
Miss Wu, are you still there?
I can't reset that password unless
I get the correct information.
Doc Woo. Try Doc Woo. W-O-O.
That's it. Great.
I'll reset your account.
Your temporary password
is W0PK1N5.
Now, would you be willing
to take a quick...
- Good. I caught you.
- Hi, Nathan.
Wanted to make sure you're
getting settled in okay.
Yeah, everything's great,
just great.
Good. Glad to hear it.
Went by the security office.
Grabbed this for you.
We pulled it from one
of the surveillance cameras.
Saves time.
You're very photogenic.
- Thank you.
- You wanna grab dinner?
I can help get you up to speed.
You know, I...
I all right have plans,
but thank you.
Come on.
Not now. Come on,
you piece of shit!
Hey. Hey, you okay?
I put my dollar in.
I just want my Hot Cheetos.
- I got some change.
- It's not gonna work.
It's okay. I got it.
- What is it, Cheetos?
- Yeah, number 16.
It's stuck.
- You've got two.
- Thank you.
My mom,
she didn't make it, so...
I'm so sorry.
We stayed up all night praying
that God would make her better,
and just... and just...
God doesn't give a shit.
Yeah.
God almost never lets
people die.
He probably killed your mom,
'cause he's a jerk.
Had nothing to do
with the surgery.
If you're trying to be funny right
now, it's really not working.
You think God maybe
did this because he cares?
My mom just died.
My baby just died.
Yeah, the congregant I told
you about is my girlfriend.
I pretty much ruined her life so
she could help me build my church.
She's good at it, too.
But I always thought she was
just a placeholder, you know?
Then this baby comes along.
And gets in the way
of everything.
If that one little sperm
had just stopped short,
I'd be preaching lies
on TV right now.
And now it's gone.
Now I have a second chance.
What?
You shouldn't be blaming God.
You should be asking yourself,
how can this change you
for the better?
What apathy can your mother's
death shake away?
Because no matter
why God did it,
he's given you a chance
to do something different.
And if you don't take it,
fuck you.
You know, my mom always begged
me to go to church with her.
I never did it.
So now what?
- Where've you been?
- Trying.
You know what, it's fine.
Let's just get in there.
What happened to you?
Are you okay?
- I'm fine.
- No, you're not.
You look like you got hit
by a truck.
- What were you doing?
- Please.
- I'm here.
- My God. This is not happening.
It's okay.
I wanna do this for you.
But you can't, Keith. Not like this.
You can barely stand up.
Why would you even
show up like this?
'Cause I know how important
this house is to you, Miss,
and you asked for my help.
You know what? That's really sweet.
It is, okay?
But I think I'm gonna have a better
chance of doing this on my own, okay?
So just get in your truck
and go home.
I'll tell them you had to work.
I'm sorry, Miss.
Miss Graham!
Mr. and Mrs. Browning!
How are you?
How many kids
did you raise here?
We had four of our own.
And then they had another six
so far.
- Is that blood, Keith?
- It is.
I had an accident at work today.
- What is it you do?
- Construction.
Wow, look at this.
Did you make that?
No, that is my mother's
crib mobile,
handmade by my grandfather.
Wow! And what about
these newer pieces here?
It turned into kind of
a family history since then.
And every time
a new baby is born,
we add a new charm.
I love that.
Keith, we are definitely
doing that for our son.
You're having a boy?
So how many other houses
you two looking at?
We're not.
I now it sounds crazy, but we've
got our hearts set on this house.
You sure this is the kind of
neighborhood you'd want to raise him in?
This is exactly the kind of
place we've always dreamed of.
Yeah?
- That how you feel, Keith?
- Yep.
You understand, though, that
everyone here is traditional...
I mean, nice, but traditional.
And what traditions exactly
are we breaking?
All we're saying is, it's easier
when folks have things in common.
Things like what?
Different kind of people
want different things.
I know that we want to raise
a healthy and happy family,
just like most people.
Is that what you mean?
Yes, and also like values.
Henry and I, for example,
we both grew up in small towns,
and we both went
to the same church.
- Church is where we met.
- Which one?
Hand of God Chapel.
First time I saw
this beautiful young lady,
she was carrying
a stack of bibles.
She dropped one,
and I helped her pick it up,
and...
Have you read 1 Epistles
John 4:7?
"Lovers of God,
and everyone who loveth
is born of God and knoweth God."
I never got that before, but
after I looked into her eyes,
I finally understood
what John was saying.
Please, God, guide the soul
of your humble servant...
- Gladys Tempton.
And embrace her in Your glory.
He who hears My word and
believes in Him who sent Me
has everlasting life
and shall not come into judgment
but is passed from death
into life.
Amen.
You ever heard of a guy
named Vincent Gigante?
I'm really not
in the mood, Bobo.
But you're in my house,
drinking my expensive scotch,
so you can indulge me.
This dude walks around his
neighborhood in his bathrobe,
mumbling shit to himself,
acting crazy, total nut job.
Well, it turns out,
Gigante was actually running
the Genovese crime family
the whole time.
People called him The Oddfather.
Look, I don't know what the fuck
you're accusing me of now, Bobo,
but I really had
a horrible morning.
Too bad Alcala survived?
Fuck you talking about?
What happened to Alcala?
You gonna keep
bullshitting me with this
"cuckoo for Cocoa Puff" act,
that's fine.
I need to know what
you're gonna tell the cops.
'Cause it's damn sure not gonna be that
you were chilling on the mayor's couch,
while someone tried to kill the
only witness in your murder trial.
That's not gonna happen.
Bobo, you gotta believe me,
I had nothing to do with this.
Yeah, like you had nothing to do
with Shane Caldwell, right?
You're gonna get that doctor to say he
met you somewhere else, you got that?
I'm gonna take care
of this, Bobo.
Yeah, we'll see.
Doctor Tieman said
I can go home tomorrow.
- I heard.
- That's great, right?
I don't wanna pretend
this didn't happen.
Okay, I do.
You're right.
God's giving us a second chance,
but not to make
the same mistakes.
Paul, I do not ask for a lot,
but I need this.
I saved a person's soul today...
A woman.
She lost her faith,
and I counseled her.
I brought her back
into the flock.
That's what I mean.
Let's get back to doing that.
But it was different.
I was honest.
That's what you've always done.
No, I used to tell them
what they wanted to hear,
how to get clean or get rich.
This time I told the truth.
I never would have done that
if it wasn't for what happened.
- Paul...
- I don't wanna go back to who I was.
Fine.
If it helps you, then remember.
But do not talk to me
about it ever.
I need to focus on tomorrow.
Good.
'Cause tomorrow is
gonna be different.
No more sugarcoating.
And no more hiding.
It was on her finger.
A gold engagement ring
with three diamonds on it.
- Well, I can assure you...
- Someone fucking took it!
You've reached Pernell Harris.
Please leave a message.
Hey, um, it's me.
You promised me.
- I know.
- Then why?
Because I promised him
that I would protect you
no matter what.
Well, you just made it worse.
Yeah, thank you for trying.
Okay.
Hey, it's me. Um, listen,
I don't know if I'm gonna...
Or I don't know when I'm gonna
get a chance
to tell you this, so...
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry for what I said
yesterday,
and, yeah, how I said it.
Look, I don't know
how much us I have left in me,
but, um, thank you
for, um...
Yeah, thank you for trying.
Okay.
Hey, it's Crystal.
Leave a message.
Please state your destination.
Bobo's house.
Accident reported ahead.
Calculating alternate route.
Make a U-turn, then in one mile,
turn left on Florno Street.
Traffic detected ahead.
Calculating alternate route.
Again?
In 50 feet, turn left.
- Where's Anne?
- She couldn't make it.
Turn left in 100 feet.
Recalculating.
Are you fucking kidding me?
Fuck's sake.
In 20 feet, take a right.
Just get me
to the fucking highway.
- Who are you?
- A friend.
This is bullshit.
Wait, wait, wait.
Don't fuck...
Holy fuck! You set me up!
No! Wait! I didn't!
Wait!
No! Wait!
Crystal! Crys!
Pernell?
Crys!
God.
What happened?
How did you know I was here?
You have reached
your destination.
Keith.
- Has he spoken to anyone else?
- No, sir.
He's not even in the system yet.
Go get the chief.
I would like to confess to
the murder of Shane Caldwell.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org